c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\JeffERP.dll.config
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\JeffERP.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\JeffERP.pdb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\DynamicLinqExtensions.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\DynamicMVC.Annotations.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\DynamicMVC.ApplicationMetadataLibrary.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\DynamicMVC.Data.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\DynamicMVC.DynamicEntityMetadataLibrary.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\DynamicMVC.EntityMetadataLibrary.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\DynamicMVC.Shared.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\ReflectionLibrary.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\DynamicMVC.Annotations.pdb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\DynamicMVC.Annotations.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\DynamicMVC.ApplicationMetadataLibrary.pdb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\DynamicMVC.ApplicationMetadataLibrary.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\DynamicMVC.Data.pdb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\DynamicMVC.Data.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\DynamicMVC.DynamicEntityMetadataLibrary.pdb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\DynamicMVC.DynamicEntityMetadataLibrary.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\DynamicMVC.EntityMetadataLibrary.pdb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\DynamicMVC.EntityMetadataLibrary.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\DynamicMVC.Shared.pdb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\DynamicMVC.Shared.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\ReflectionLibrary.pdb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\ReflectionLibrary.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\obj\Debug\JeffERP.Migrations.initial.resources
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\obj\Debug\JeffERP.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\obj\Debug\JeffERP.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\obj\Debug\JeffERP.pdb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JeffERP\JeffERP\obj\Debug\JeffERP.Migrations.customers_and_parts.resources
